Fix link to setup instructions (#41)
openSUSE/orthos2: README.md

## Installation/Setup

> Click [here](./docs/adminguide/setup.rst) for the installation/setup instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click [here](https://orthos2.readthedocs.io/en/latest/adminguide/setup.html) for the installation/setup instructions.
```
